DEFINITIONS:

     1) "Code" - Source code, object code, machine code, or any documentation
          relating to source code, object code, or machine code.

     2) "You" - Any person or group that submits additions to the Code and/or
          changes to the Code the PFSB project.

     3) "Project Owner" - The current owner of the PFSB project, whoever that
          may be at any time.

     4) "Submit" - To attempt to incorporate Your Code, whether it is new Code
          or changes to existing Code, into the PFSB project.

By Submitting Code via any method and adding Yourself to the CONTRIBUTORS text file, You understand and agree to the following:

     *The Submitted Code's copyright belongs to You, or that You a) Have a legal
          right to propagate the Submitted Code, b) The Submitted Code is
          licensed to You in such a way that its inclusion in PFSB in any way
          does not violate any terms PFSB is currently distributed under, and
          c) The Submitted Code does not violate any part of this document.

     *The Submitted Code's patents, if they exist, belong to You, or that You
          a) Have a legal right to propagate the Submitted Code, b) The
          Submitted Code is licensed to You in such a way that its inclusion in
          PFSB in any way does not violate any terms PFSB is currently
          distributed under, and c) The Submitted Code does not violate any part
          of this document.

     *You keep ownership of Your Submitted Code's copyright, if You possess it,
          unless You explicitly grant it to the PFSB project.

     *You grant the Project Owner a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable,
          worldwide, no-charge, royalty-free, transferrable copyright license to
          use, distribute, propagate, modify, publicly display, publicly perform
          and prepare derivative works from the Submitted  Code for use in the
          PFSB project with the license it is using at the time of Your
          Submission. You also grant the Project Owner the right to relicense
          Your Submitted Code under any software license that the Free Software
          Foundation has declared to be a free software license. The Project
          Owner may exercise this right without contacting or requesting
          permission from You.

     *Should the Submitted Code be patented, all patent licenses similar to
          those listed above for copyright shall be granted to the Project
          Owner.


This document was last updated for the release of PFSB v00.002.
